Update the example of exporting Bart + BeamSearch to ONNX module to resolve comments. (#14310)
huggingface/transformers: examples/onnx/pytorch/translation/README.md

<!---

> Copyright 2020 The HuggingFace Team. All rights reserved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Copyright 2021 The HuggingFace Team. All rights reserved.
```

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
-->

> # Usage

Reviewer 2: This section header should be the document title. Something like:
# Bart + Beam Search to ONNX

> This folder contains an example of exporting Bart Model + Beam Search to ONNX file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This folder contains an example of exporting BART + Beam Search generation to ONNX.
```
Is the model that is being exported `BartForConditionalGeneration`? Or just `BartModel`?

Author: Thanks for the reminder. It's BartForConditionalGeneration.

> This folder contains an example of exporting Bart + Beam Search generation(BartForConditionalGeneration) to ONNX file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This folder contains an example of exporting Bart + Beam Search generation (`BartForConditionalGeneration`) to ONNX.
```

> Beam Search contains a for-loop workflow, so we need to make them TorchScript-compatible for exporting to ONNX. This example shows how to make a Bart model to be TorchScript-compatible by wrapping up it into a new model. In addition, there are also some changes were made to beam_search() function for being TorchScript-compatible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Beam Search contains a for-loop workflow, so we need to make them TorchScript-compatible for exporting to ONNX. This example shows how to make a Bart model to be TorchScript-compatible by wrapping up it into a new model. In addition, some changes were made to the beam_search() function for making it TorchScript-compatible.
```

> # How to run the example

Reviewer 2: Style: There should only be one section that at "level 1" (where level is determined by the number of `#`). So make this one a level 2 header.

<!---
Copyright 2021 The HuggingFace Team. All rights reserved.
Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
-->

# Bart + Beam Search to ONNX

This folder contains an example of exporting Bart + Beam Search generation (`BartForConditionalGeneration`) to ONNX.

Beam Search contains a for-loop workflow, so we need to make them TorchScript-compatible for exporting to ONNX. This example shows how to make a Bart model to be TorchScript-compatible by wrapping up it into a new model. In addition, some changes were made to the beam_search() function for making it TorchScript-compatible.

> ## How to run the example

Reviewer 3: What do you think about adding a step that shows how you can generate a summary with the exported model? I think this would help end-users who may not be totally familiar with e.g. ONNX Runtime

This also makes me wonder whether we should move this example to a `summarization` folder instead of the current `translation` one?

Author: Update the folder name.

limitations under the License.
-->

# Bart + Beam Search to ONNX

> ## Usage

Reviewer 2: I'd delete this header entirely (but keep the two paragraphs below it). Usage instructions are actually in the next section.

```suggestion
```
